rebel_type			Britons //Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0					
description			Britons
unit				western peasant celt
unit				western peasant celt
unit				celtic slingers
unit				celtic slingers
unit				celtic spearman
unit				merc veteranii
unit				coastal levies
unit				celtic warlord

rebel_type			Latins //Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0					
description			Latins
unit				western peasant
unit				western peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				merc equites veteranii
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type			Sicani //Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0					
description			Sicani
unit				western peasant
unit				western peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				merc equites veteranii
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type			Celts //Celts
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0					
description			Celts
unit				western peasant celt
unit				celtic spearman
unit				celtic spearman
unit				celtic crossbowmen
unit				celtic kerns
unit				celtic warlord

rebel_type 			Slavs		//Barbaricum
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3					
description			Slavs
unit				peasant vandal
unit				steppe swordsmen vandal
unit				steppe horse archers
unit				steppe spearmen vandal
unit				steppe warlords
					
rebel_type 			Ostrogoths //Goths
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3					
description			Ostrogoths
unit				gothic warriors
unit				gothic warriors
unit				goth raiders
unit				gothic horse archers
unit				goth warlords
					
rebel_type 			Alans		//Huns
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3					
description			Alans
unit				alan horse archers
unit				alan horse archers
unit				alan horse archers
unit				alan horse archers
unit				steppe warlords

rebel_type 			Saka		//Huns
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3					
description			Saka
unit				alan horse archers
unit				alan horse archers
unit				alan horse archers
unit				alan horse archers
unit				steppe warlords
					
rebel_type 			Angles	//Saxons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6					
description			Angles
unit				levy spearman saxon
unit				levy spearman saxon
unit				western peasant saxon
unit				western peasant saxon
unit				saxon keels
unit				saxon hunters
unit				saxon warlord
					
rebel_type 			Armenians		//Sassanids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Armenians
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				nomad archer cavalry
unit				nomad archer cavalry
unit				kurdish javelinmen
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Cappadocians		//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Cappadocians
unit				levy spearmen sassanid
unit				nomad archer cavalry
unit				nomad archer cavalry
unit				mountain slinger
unit				eastern rebel general
				
rebel_type 			Berbers	//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Berbers
unit				african peasant
unit				desert cavalry
unit				desert cavalry
unit				desert archers african
unit				desert chieftain					

rebel_type 			Poeni	//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Poeni
unit				african peasant
unit				hillmen
unit				hillmen
unit				desert archers african
unit				merc veteranii
unit				generic rebel general					
				
rebel_type 			Burgundii		//Rebels
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Burgundii
unit				chosen warlord alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				saxon hunters
					
rebel_type 			Chatti		//Rebels
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6					
description			Chatti	
unit				chosen warlord alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				saxon hunters

rebel_type 			Belgae		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Belgae
unit				western peasant
unit				western peasant
unit				equites auxilia
unit				merc veteranii
unit				levy spearman frank
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Frisii		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Frisii
unit				western peasant saxon
unit				western peasant saxon
unit				levy spearman frank
unit				saxon keels
unit				saxon sea raiders
unit				saxon warlord

rebel_type 			Franki		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Franki
unit				western peasant frank
unit				western peasant frank
unit				levy spearman frank
unit				frankish raiders
unit				frankish raiders
unit				frankish paladin bodyguard

rebel_type 			Batavi		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Batavi
unit				western peasant
unit				western peasant
unit				equites auxilia
unit				merc veteranii
unit				levy spearman saxon
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Iazyges	//Iazyges
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Iazyges
unit				herdsmen sarmatian
unit				herdsmen sarmatian
unit				steppe raiders
unit				steppe horse archers
unit				steppe horse archers
unit				sarmatian warlords
					
rebel_type 			Jutes		//Saxons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6					
description			Jutes	
unit				western peasant saxon
unit				western peasant saxon
unit				levy spearman frank
unit				saxon keels
unit				saxon hunters
unit				saxon sea raiders
unit				saxon warlord
					
rebel_type 			Juthungi		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Juthungi	
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				lombard archers
unit				chosen warlord alemanni
					
rebel_type 			Kurds		//Sassanids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Kurds
unit				kurdish javelinmen
unit				kurdish javelinmen
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Lombardi		//Rebels
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Lombardi
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				lombard archers
unit				lombard archers
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				chosen warlord alemanni
					
rebel_type 			Marcomanni	//Rebels
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Marcomanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				lombard archers
unit				lombard archers
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				chosen warlord alemanni
					
rebel_type 			Moors		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Moors
unit				moorish raiders
unit				moorish raiders
unit				mountain men
unit				mountain men
unit				desert chieftain				
					
rebel_type 			Nabataeans 	//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Nabataeans
unit				moorish raiders
unit				mountain men
unit				mountain men
unit				desert chieftain				

rebel_type 			Cypriots //Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Cypriots
unit				equites auxilia
unit				coastal levies
unit				merc veteranii
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Cretans //Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Cretans
unit				equites auxilia
unit				coastal levies
unit				merc veteranii
unit				generic rebel general
				
rebel_type 			Palmyrans		//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Palmyrans
unit				merc sughdian warriors
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				levy spearmen sassanid
unit				nomad archer cavalry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Judaeans		//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Judaeans
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				levy spearmen sassanid
unit				camel raiders
unit				eastern rebel general
				
rebel_type 			Parthians		//Sassanids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Parthians
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				camel raiders
unit				camel raiders
unit				nomad archer cavalry
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Persians		//Sassanids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Persians
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				camel raiders
unit				nomad archer cavalry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Syrians		//Sassanids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Syrians
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				camel raiders
unit				nomad archer cavalry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Pictii		//Celts
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Pictii
unit				western peasant celt
unit				western peasant celt
unit				celtic spearman
unit				celtic spearman
unit				celtic crossbowmen
unit				celtic crossbowmen
unit				celtic warlord

rebel_type 			Roxolani	//Rebels
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Roxolani
unit				herdsmen sarmatian
unit				herdsmen sarmatian
unit				steppe raiders
unit				sarmatian warlords

rebel_type 			Edones	//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Edones
unit				merc veteranii
unit				merc equites veteranii
unit				gothic spearmen
unit				merc herdsmen
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Galatians	//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Galatians
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				levy spearmen sassanid
unit				mountain slinger
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Sarmatians	//Vandals
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Sarmatians
unit				herdsmen sarmatian
unit				steppe raiders
unit				steppe horse archers
unit				steppe horse archers
unit				sarmatian warlords

rebel_type 			Paphlagonians	//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Paphlagonians
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				merc bosphoran infantry
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				levy spearmen sassanid
unit				mountain slinger
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Beronicensis	//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Beronicensis
unit				western peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				limitanei
unit				merc herdsmen
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Iberians	//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Iberians
unit				western peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				limitanei
unit				merc herdsmen
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Achaeans	//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Achaeans
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				merc equites veteranii
unit				merc herdsmen
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Phrygians	//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Phrygians
unit				merc veteranii
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				merc bosphoran infantry
unit				mountain slinger
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Cilicians	//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Cilicians
unit				merc veteranii
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				mountain slinger
unit				kurdish javelinmen
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Lusitanians	//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Lusitanians
unit				western peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				limitanei
unit				merc herdsmen
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Scotii	//Celts
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Scotii
unit				celtic spearman
unit				celtic spearman
unit				western peasant celt
unit				western peasant celt
unit				celtic kerns
unit				celtic slingers
unit				celtic warlord

rebel_type 			Sughdians		//Sassanids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Sughdians
unit				sassanid peasant
unit				mountain slinger
unit				merc sughdian warriors
unit				merc sughdian warriors
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Colchians		//Sassanids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Colchians
unit				mountain slinger
unit				herdsmen sarmatian
unit				steppe horse archers
unit				steppe raiders
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Pictones		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Pictones
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				merc veteranii
unit				lombard archers
unit				chosen warlord alemanni

rebel_type 			Suebi		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Suebi
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				frankish raiders
unit				foederati infantry
unit				merc veteranii
unit				lombard archers
unit				chosen warlord alemanni

rebel_type 			Aedui		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Aedui
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				frankish raiders
unit				foederati infantry
unit				merc veteranii
unit				lombard archers
unit				chosen warlord alemanni

rebel_type 			Quaddi		//Alemanni
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Quaddi
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				foederati infantry
unit				lombard archers
unit				chosen warlord alemanni

rebel_type 			Alemanni		//Alemanni
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				foederati infantry
unit				lombard archers
unit				chosen warlord alemanni

rebel_type 			Vocontii		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Vocontii
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				levy spearman frank
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Veneti		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Veneti
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Ligurians		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Ligurians
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				foederati infantry
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Illyrians		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Illyrians
unit				herdsmen sarmatian
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				runaway slave spearmen
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Thracians		//Empire_East
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Thracians
unit				merc bosphoran infantry
unit				merc bosphoran infantry
unit				goth raiders
unit				gothic warriors
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Basques		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Basques
unit				western peasant
unit				western peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				limitanei
unit				merc herdsmen
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Volcae		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Volcae
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				western peasant frank
unit				spear warband alemanni
unit				frankish raiders
unit				foederati infantry
unit				merc veteranii
unit				lombard archers
unit				chosen warlord alemanni

rebel_type 			Paionians		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Paionians
unit				western peasant
unit				merc veteranii
unit				gothic spearmen
unit				merc herdsmen
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Scordisci		//Empire_West
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Scordisci
unit				herdsmen sarmatian
unit				peasant vandal
unit				western peasant alemanni
unit				foederati cavalry
unit				runaway slave spearmen
unit				generic rebel general

;;;;;;;;;;;;		;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;				
;non region			based
;;;;;;;;;;;;		;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
					
rebel_type			brigands
category			brigands
chance				50
description			brigands
unit				merc foederati infantry		
unit				merc bosphoran infantry	
unit				merc veteranii		
unit				merc vandal raiders	
unit				merc bucellarii
unit				merc hounds of culann
unit				merc sughdian warriors
unit				merc sarmatian armoured archers
unit				merc vandal lancers
unit				merc alan noble cavalry
unit				merc sarmatian auxilia
unit				merc foederati cavalry
unit				merc alan horse archers
unit				merc equites veteranii
unit				merc wolfhounds
		
					
rebel_type			pirates
category			pirates
chance				50
description			pirates
unit				naval pirate ships		
					
					